  The arguments in digital history can be advanced in many ways due to how many resources and softwares historians have available to them to actually create digital history arguments. This creates a lot of different postitions on how these arguments should made, and what comes along with thawt, are arguments about the importance and usefulness of this in general. This is something I learned from the Matthew Lincoln reading where he uses a line graph to present two opposing arguments for the trade of print pieces in the Netherlands from the 1500s to the 1700s. I personally found that this example was not very useful for his overall argument, seeing as how  his opposing argument was that in the 1500s, Dutch printmakers shifted very rapidly from making the majority of their connections internationally, to quickly making more than half of them to domestic collaborators. It would be very strange for anyone to believe that in the year 1500, international trade and cooperation in making print pieces was at its peak, and then simmered down just when the world became expanding at a very fast rate in the 1750s and onwards. However, I can still see his argument that with only the flip of a switch, digital historians can create and make their own datasets, along with their own arguments for their conclusions drawn from these datasets. He argues that historians are able to expertly draw any types of conclusions from the same datasets, meaning that even though different conclusions and arguments can be drawn from the same datasets, the experiments are still important to run in the process of advancing arguments because it is useful for coming to a correct conclusion. I understand the point that is being made, but I am not entirely sure if I agree with the steps he took for making this argument. This article seemed like a roundabout way of saying "people will agree and disagree with data any way you put it, but it is still useful for creating arguments that can be compared to come to a correct conclusion."

  In the Tim Hitchcock reading, I found his argument to be much more abstract than Lincoln's. His argument was built around his case study of a London woman namedf Sarah Durrant's trial and imprisonment after she swiped some bank notes off the ground one day. He explained the close reading steps he took to decipher every small detail about her case that he could, and included distant reading methods, like examining many other databases and sources which provided information on trials in London during the time, what courtroom debates looked and sounded like at the time, to be able to create a solid case study of Durant's trials and imprisonment. This point allows him to argue that these vanilla methods of digital history are very useful, but then proceeds to point out many other digital methods that are already emerging that can allow a digital historian to go even further here. He highlights some software creations that can give people an even deeper experience into history, and notes that with the things, he can use them, along with his prior research, to essentially make a re-creation of Durrant's trials in their entirety, audiovisually as well. His point to take away on how these arguments are advanced is that this process is constantly changing, because the world is becoming increasingly digitized, and this digital world is constantly changing and improving, changing the way we do things, as well as the things we can do. So, it is not really us dictating how digital history argument are advanced, it is the digital world being created and changed before us that dictates that. I like this argument, as it lines up with many topics I learn about in communications and media studies, my major.
  
  The White Paper reading presented two interesting arguments that worked together. Typically, digital history projects are given less recognition than traditional, or 'analog' history projects. This could be because it is a newer form of creating history arguments, or that it is more complex. Either way, digital history projects are given lower regard than traditional ones. Digital historians are further encumbered by the fact that their contributions are much harder to present due to publication patterns. This makes it so that digital historians frequently have to change their works in ways that would be more digestible to certain scholarly audiences, or to fit the patterns or scope of the publication that is including their work. All of these barriers, including the fact that digital history works are given less regard in general, takes a lot away from how these arguments are presented, and makes them very difficult to advance. I also agree with this point, and I can see how a digital historian would have to work extremely hard, not only in creating their work in the first place, but presenting it in a way that the masses can see and interpret it in the way the digital historian intended.
  
  Close and distant reading work in unison when conducting digital history work. This was something I learned about in Tim Hitchock's piece this week, when he was showing his work on Sarah Durrant's case. I think, however, that close reading takes a step back in how digital history arguments are presented, and distant reading moves to the forefront. This is because digital historians are capable of pulling information from hundreds of sources and databases, and using software to find trends in them, and draw conclusions from those trends. Which is exactly the process of distant reading, but it is done in an extreme way. This is extremely different from the way I used to conduct history work in the past, where I would collect about twenty sources, some primary, most secondary, and do a small mix of close and distant reading to conduct conclusions. I would sometimes find even just conduct analyses on a single primary source. In digital history work, I could never hope to read through one hundred primary sources files pulled from databanks and put them into a paper after reading them all, but with digital history softwares, this becomes possible, but it is very foreign to me. I would say that digital history affordances would change much of what I know but it would take time to change how I argue it,  I do believe that digital history affordances could have added a lot of information and backbone to my projects in the past, but I am not sure how much of these additions I would be able to add to my projects seeing as I do not believe I have the skill yet to present the technical arguments in a digestible way. I think that a lot of priori knowledge is required for people to digest digital history arguments, not because people cannot read graphs and maps, with paragraphs to explain them, but the process is foreign to most, and readers feel like the article is out of place, because the argument is being advanced like a math test, and not like a history project. This the main reason I believe it would take time to change the way I present my history arguments. 
